test_runner: exclude test files from coverage by default (#56060)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

used to specify a code coverage directory, the generated V8 coverage files are
written to that directory. Node.js core modules and files within
`node_modules/` directories are, by default, not included in the coverage report.
However, they can be explicitly included via the [`--test-coverage-include`][] flag.
By default all the matching test files are excluded from the coverage report.
Exclusions can be overridden by using the [`--test-coverage-exclude`][] flag.

> If coverage is enabled, the coverage report is sent to any [test reporters][] via

Reviewer: If I specify `--test-coverage-exclude='**/*.ts'` and the test files are `**/*.test.ts`, would that inadvertently force them to get included? (If so, this feature seems to effectively do nothing)

Some examples would be good :)

Author: Yes, it will!  

As soon as you define an exclusion, you're overriding the default values.  
This is the same behavior as the exclusion flag in `c8`, if I'm not mistaken.  
If we simply append the tests to the exclusions, the user wouldn't have any way to add them back.  

The important point is that this isn't `inadvertent`; it's the expected behavior.  

The default values are something like `[defaultPatterns]` and get overridden as soon as the user provides at least one value.

Do you have any suggestions on how to make this clearer to the user?
Does this behaviour make sense to you? 😁

Reviewer: If that's the behaviour, I think this will unfortunately be useless in most cases :(

Author: I agree, at least until we have a configuration file that allows the user to do something like:
<img width="804" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9233935c-329f-4b8b-a788-152f2d573089" />
https://vitest.dev/config/#coverage-exclude

  * `coverageExcludeGlobs` {string|Array} Excludes specific files from code coverage
    using a glob pattern, which can match both absolute and relative file paths.
    This property is only applicable when `coverage` was set to `true`.
    If both `--test-coverage-exclude` and `--test-coverage-include` are provided,
    files must meet **both** criteria to be included in the coverage report.
    However, if there is an overlap between the two, `--test-coverage-include` takes precedence.
    **Default:** `undefined`.
  * `coverageIncludeGlobs` {string|Array} Includes specific files in code coverage
    using a glob pattern, which can match both absolute and relative file paths.
    This property is only applicable when `coverage` was set to `true`.

>     If both `--test-coverage-exclude` and `--test-coverage-include` are provided,

Author: ```suggestion
    If both `coverageExcludeGlobs` and `coverageIncludeGlobs` are provided,
```

    files must meet **both** criteria to be included in the coverage report.

>     However, if there is an overlap between the two, `--test-coverage-include` takes precedence.

Author: ```suggestion
    However, if there is an overlap between the two, `coverageIncludeGlobs` takes precedence.
```
